sqlite: add stmt persistent flag (#62757)
nodejs/node: doc/api/sqlite.md

    database options or `true`.
  * `allowUnknownNamedParameters` {boolean} If `true`, unknown named parameters
    are ignored. **Default:** inherited from database options or `false`.

>   * `persistent` {boolean} If `true`, hints to SQLite that this statement will

Reviewer: Please add a history entry for this new public option; otherwise the docs imply it has been available since v22.5.0.

```diff
 changes:
   - version: REPLACEME
     pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/65157
     description: Throw `ERR_INVALID_ARG_VALUE` if `sql` contains no statements.
+  - version: REPLACEME
+    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/62757
+    description: Add the `persistent` option.
```

>   * `persistent` {boolean} If `true`, hints to SQLite that this statement will
>     be reused many times, causing it to use a different memory allocation
>     strategy that reduces heap fragmentation. Corresponds to the
>     [`SQLITE_PREPARE_PERSISTENT`][] flag. **Default:** `false`.

Reviewer: SQLite does not guarantee reduced heap fragmentation; its documented current behavior is to avoid depleting lookaside memory.

```suggestion
  * `persistent` {boolean} If `true`, hints to SQLite that this statement will
    be retained for a long time and likely reused many times. SQLite currently
    responds to this hint by avoiding lookaside memory. Corresponds to the
    [`SQLITE_PREPARE_PERSISTENT`][] flag. **Default:** `false`.
```
